Update XRTMap to handle the missing metadata for the observer (#6328)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6333.bugfix.rst

> If an XRT file does not specify the heliographic longitude of the spacecraft,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a level 1 XRT file does not specify the heliographic longitude of the spacecraft,
```

the default assumption is that the spacecraft is at zero Stonyhurst

> heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth) is silently assumed.
```

> If a level 1 XRT file does not specify the heliographic longitude of the spacecraft,
> the default assumption is that the spacecraft is at zero Stonyhurst
> heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth) is silently assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a level 1 XRT file does not specify the heliographic longitude of the spacecraft,
a silent assumption is made that the spacecraft is at zero Stonyhurst
heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth).
```

> heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth) is silently assumed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
heliographic longitude (i.e., the same longitude as Earth).
```
Heh, I don't know what you guys are doing, but https://github.com/sunpy/sunpy/pull/6328/commits/df075b73b5c1b373423bbf70777b0176546030a1 should not have been committed. =P
